hey how's it going guys it is hunter
from game by gamers here and today I'm
going to be showing you how to convert
your saves from the Xbox 360 to the Xbox
one and this works for every game and if
you're in the preview program or you saw
the exploit this will work and let you
get your saves from the 360 to your Xbox
one so right now I'm just gonna load up
banjo kazooie and spin through it make
some really cool sound actually if you
just heard that
we're just fast-forwarding through it
right now and we're gonna load up the
game start and you can see I'm gonna hit
play game that there is it says game one
empty I have nothing on here no saves
because usually people save their stuff
to the hard drive on their Xbox 360 and
no one thinks of that so we're gonna
switch over to the actual Xbox 360 this
is the Xbox 360 console not the emulator
you're going to slide all the way over
to setting this be signed into your
account go to system go to storage and
then go to wherever it's saved if you
have a hard drive or a flash drive I
have a hard drive my 320 gig open it up
go to games and apps find the games for
this example we're just going to use
banjo kazooie and make sure to choose
the save not the actual game and I'll
say save game copy that
to your cloud saved games so I'll just
take a second it's pretty quick
especially since it just saves instead
of a full game and then once that is
done press B and if you have slow
connection it might take a while I'm
just going to go back and check to make
sure you can go to cloud save games
banjo kazooie and if it says in synced
you know you're good so now we're going
to switch back over to the Xbox one I'm
just going to back out of all of this
real quick and we're going to load up
the game and cool noise again there it
is well
loading screen this time that would be
different when you load it up it'll pop
up with this saying syncing your cloud
storage that's how you know you've done
it right it'll download all your cloud
storage you'll get into the game and
that's it and this works for every game
so once all the other games comes out
for the preview program or comes out
officially in December you can do this
with every game so you can continue
right where you left off see play game
says game 1 times 17 hours 695 notes 76
jiggies I'm pretty good banjo kazooie
what can I say all right and that's
video guys thanks for watching and make
sure to LIKE comment subscribe and if
you don't know how to do the exploit
check out this video right here see ya
Wow that was a great video this calls
for a toast
thanks for watching guys if you like
that video then please watch some of our
other videos and don't forget to Like
comment and subscribe